
  Market was bit high anyway, so due for a correction
  Static fire ; short flights with SN3, longer flights with SN4, but spooling up the… 
 SN2 (with thrust puck) passed cryo pressure ; engine thrust load tests late last night
 
 He studied the blade
 Memes are powerful
  Ships with a lot of people ; limited medical facilities are a serious issue
 Yeah, that’s a great one
 Fatality rate also greatly overstated. Because there are so few test kits, those who die with respir… 
 Virality of C19 is overstated due to conflating diagnosis date with contraction date ; over-extrapol… 
  Thanks for taking us through this today. Hopefully, such horrors will never again be repeated in reality.
 Yeah
Accurate 
Envelope expanded 
RT : Webcast of Falcon 9 launch now live →  
 Recent missed landing (at sea) was due to incorrect wind data. If this (land) landing fails, it wil… 
Rocket will land in highest winds ever at Cape Canaveral tonight. This is intentional envelope expansion.
Final Dragon Version 1 mission tonight 
The coronavirus panic is dumb
 Raising art to new heights
RT : Art of the Roof
RT : Model 3 recently earned the 2020 IIHS Top Safety Pick+ Award. Winning cars are selected on their ability to protect people insid…
 Also, when tech is new, catalog engineering isn’t possible, as there is no catalog. Has to be first principles.
 💕
    We’re making progress. Improved rules are going through the EU stan… 
   Cool, we’re tracking to release more FSD features later this month
  True. Oddly, those who complained didn’t actually order FSD. Perhaps they weren’t aware that the co… 
RT : Tesla rolls out "range update" for Model S, Model X display to reflect improved efficiency. Model X shows a whopping 354 mil…
Mad respect for the makers of things
Bernie’s tax rate is  too high! 
 No matter what, we need to pressurize the production system. Rocket design is relatively easy, making on… 
Sleeving SN2 dome in the high bay 
They have the best coin
Dogs rock 
✌️ bro 
 Track mode V2 is pretty cool. Maybe too complicated to use though? Lmk thoughts for improvement.
  This is vital
Just want say that I support  as Twitter CEO. He has a good ❤️.
RT : Your Cybertruck is here. It's just ... a toy. The Hot Wheels Tesla Cybertruck goes 25 miles per hour and accelerates like a demo…
 Definitely

  We’re stripping SN2 to bare minimum to test the thrust puck to dome weld under pressure, first… 
 There’s a puck at the base that takes the engine thrust load. Don’t shuck the puck!
Where’s Flextape when you need it!?
It’s fine, we’ll just buff it out
So … how was your night? 
  Yes, dramatically improved imo
  We need to finish work on Autopilot core foundation code ; 3D labelling, then functionality… 
 👀
RT : Falcon Heavy will launch ! The mission, for which  requires the highest level of launch vehicle reliability, wi…
  I just sent a note to Twitter to clarify that posting SpaceX videos is fine by us… 
  The competitor should be a drone fighter plane that’s remote controlled by a human, but… 
 It’s not that big really
 Testing Raptor in vertical configuration (on the giant tripod) should allow us to simplify some aspects of the engine design
 It’s not mine
 Definitely! What’s in that sky city thing!?  Needs a prequel even more than a sequel.
     Sure
    Posting SpaceX videos is definitely not copyright infringement!
  Hopefully, in March. Checking …
 I had no idea this existed. Sounds awesome though!
  Full disclosure, I’m actually a 3000 year old vampire. It’s such a trial assuming all thes… 
 We had the wrong settings! To make the welds super flat ; strong, we’re building a heavy duty, custom plani… 
 Yes
 3 on SN2
SN2 tank integration starts this week with much less circumferential pucker. Thanks Fronius!
Starship SN1 tank preparing for Raptor attachment ; static fire 
 🤣🤣 some are good tho
And that’s why cones were invented 
Tinny 
Rococo is alive ; living in our hearts
Woody 
  I did
Battle Angel Starship 
 Teslas in a tunnel. Happening in Vegas rn.
 obv
On a wall in Austin 
 BGII was amazing
Getting there was super hard. Very proud of Tesla team!
Model 3 achieves 350 mile actual range vs 310 EPA sticker in Consumer Reports testing 
   Yes, will also show real-time changes to max acceleration, braking, cornering,… 
  It’s slightly better
 Definitely worth trying imo
 Btw, in some prior tweets I’d said production Cybertruck would be ~80” wide (vs ~84” body width at unvei… 
 Active ride height ; active damping are game-changing for a truck or any car with a high max/min weight ratio
Science has gone too far 
🔭 
  F9 iteration slowed down as payloads became too important to risk. Little change is expected… 
  It’s mostly to balance the ship during entry. After delivering satellites, the front is light… 
 Sorry, meant to say LOX header tank in tip of nose. CH4 main tank is above LOX main.
 LOX
 These problems are fundamentally intertwined. Building many rockets allows for successive approximatio… 
 Hardest problem by far is building the production system of something this big. 2nd hardest is achievi… 
RT : Tesla Model 3 Is Consumer Reports' Top EV Pick for 2020  
  Probably
 Attach wheels to the landing legs ; tow Starship to the launch pad
 I rate it two Bugblatter Beasts of Traal up!
High bay for stacking Starship engine bay, propellant tanks ; fairing (fka nosecone) sections is almost done! 
  The whole nose tip has to have heat shielding for atmospheric entry at Mach 25+ anyway… 
  There will be a common area in the forward section with a big window like this. It… 
  Header tanks are only ~2% of main tank volume, so not a big deal. Pressurized volume is still ~1000 cubic meters.
 O2 header tank is tip of nosecone, CH4 header is in the main CH4 tank
 In the order that they were written
Worth reading Asimov’s Foundation

 SN 2+ will have better fit ; weld quality. Later serial numbers will use bigger stampings, so much less weld length.
 The Persuader hammer will fix SN1
Rocket nosecone production in Texas 
 
  Yes
 Glad you’re all ok! ❤️
   Tim Curry ftw
 🔥🔥 makeup
 Unfortunately, I must agree that these are reasonable concerns
  True, that was pretty impressive
 My conversations with Gates have been underwhelming tbh
   Both
  All orgs developing advanced AI should be regulated, including Tesla
   I have no control ; only very limited insight into OpenAI. Confidence in Dario for safety is not high.
  OpenAI should be more open imo
RT : Successful deployment of 60 Starlink satellites confirmed! 
RT : Liftoff! 
RT : Crew Dragon completes acoustic testing in Florida 
 Initially, yes, but then will make sense to localize closer to customers. Pretty much same plan as vehicles.
Looking forward to international expansion later this year 😀
Tesla is ramping up Solar Roof installation across the USA! Training will be provided, so no prior experience neede… 
   Direct links aren’t needed to offer service. Starlink will initially bounce signal… 
  🛰 albedo will drop significantly on almost every successive launch
 Haha
 Sorry, probably going to be a lot of rocket pics from  🤣🤣
    X will also improve by a similar amount
    Depends on when car was built, as there are many small hardware improvements,… 
   Regulations require calling it something else, so we added +
  There’s a tough performance vs range tradeoff. Plaid has absurd performance, while holding range roughly constant.
 Software just thinks the car is less efficient than it actually is
 Many small hardware improvements throughout the car that have been introduced gradually over past several months
 Maybe possible with improved wheels/tires (which would be available to all previously made cars)
All S/X cars made in recent months have actually been above stated EPA range. Will be unlocked soon for free via software update.
Tesla Model S estimated EPA range is now above 390 miles or ~630 km 
Run a physics sim long enough ; you’ll get intelligence
  Thanks to all who caught the error 😊
  a=F/m is the most fun
 Editing error. Meant to say Δt≥ℏ/(2ΔE). Interesting that monochrome is roughly a millionth of a percent.
 Frame rate Δt≥ℏ2/ΔE
 The resolution of reality
 Reminded me of The Lady of Shalott by Waterhouse
   Haha
 unNERVing
   The joints will have shielding, but it’s hard to ensure a good seal. Transp… 
  Might be used around flap joints
  Will take action
Only the heart senses beauty
   Shielding is only needed for orbital speeds
💘 be still my beating heart 💘 
  Unfortunately, Starship unlikely to survive LEO entry intact without shielding on wi… 
RT : SpaceX employees with Crew Dragon before it departed our Hawthorne factory for the launch site in Florida – one step closer to…
 😉
 Whoop whoop!!
Thanks Mom!!! ❤️  
  This does seem high
And some vitamin k too
Ok u can have a little emerald 🤹🏻‍♂️ 
 This is incorrect. No air suspension planned for 3/Y. Only S/X ; Cybertruck have/will have air suspension.
 Æsthetics
The degree to which SolarGlass will positively effect the esthetics ; energy sustainability of neighborhoods throug… 
Tesla April company talk will be from our Giga New York factory, where we make SolarGlass ; several other products.… 
Should preface this saying that feedback from early Tesla Solar roof owners has been v positive. It’s stunning vs a… 
 Its integrated roof ; solar, so should be light enough for almost any home
 Coming hopefully later this year
 I think will still be better than a normal roof, but adding a heating grid to automatically remove i… 
 No problem. Snow and ice tend to slide off the Tesla SolarGlass due to lower surface roughness, so accu… 
 Sounds should note that it gets less shiny automatically due to dust ; weathering. This pic is brand new.
 Ok
 Sounds like we should open a Tesla Center there!
Please let us know what improvements we can make to any aspect of Tesla SolarGlass roof! Critical feedback is much appreciated.
 Probably 6 months or so. 301 is certainly fine for orbit, but SpaceX 30X will be better.
Midsection of Starship propellant tanks 
  Yes, but we want to focus on textured black first, then move into Earth tones ; convolutions
 Your comment above: “Who in their right mind would buy an ICE after 2025 knowing its residual value… 
 Haha
Foundation by Asimov
Mars is to Earth, as Terminus was to Trantor
 Europe ; China timing will be announced soon
 Many Bay Area installations are ongoing now
Hard to believe that is high efficiency solar power seamlessly integrated into beautiful roof tiles. Great work by… 
Order at  
 First two domes in frame are for SN2, third is SN1 thrust dome
Back in Boca 
 Including hypothesizing that this statement is wrong haha
 True
 #DeleteFacebook It’s lame
      Ok
My Mom wrote a book ♥️
 
 🤣🤣
feeling cute, might delete later 
  Once upon a time, we were all just hydrogen in a vacuum
  Impressive, if 💯 uncurated. There aren’t many errors. Would be interesting to see how… 
 🔥🔥cropping
   Haha true
 You’re welcome! Was a fun recruiting event. Great to see all the excitement about helping build Starships.
  Unmodified water tower machines do not work well for orbital rockets, as mass efficiency… 
   No, they’re SN1. SN2 to follow shortly. Aiming to be a little better each time.